in 2154 earth citizens live in poverty
the rich and powerful live on elysium a
gigantic space habitat in earth's orbit
elysium is technologically advanced with
devices that can cure all diseases
reverse aging and regenerate body parts
a feud exists between elysium and earth
whose residents want elision technology
to cure their illnesses
max decosta lives in los angeles and
works at an assembly line for armadine
run by ceo john carlisle who designed
elysium
armadine produces elysium's weaponry and
the robots that police earth
during an industrial accident max is
trapped in a kill and is exposed to a
lethal dose of radiation
he is rescued and informed that he has
five days to live
carlisle refuses to help him and max is
only given medication to stop the
symptoms until his death
max and his friend julio seek help from
a human smuggler named spider to get him
to elysium in order to use a medbay
when three ships carrying immigrants
from earth attempt to reach elysium
defense secretary delacorte orders agent
kruger to destroy them
two shuttles are shot down in space but
the third is not
once on elysium everyone on board is
killed or deported
elision president patel reprimands
delacorte for her response and threatens
to fire her unless she tones down her
actions
krueger is dismissed from service
delacorte gives carlyle millions of
dollars in weapon contracts to create a
program that can override elysium's
computer to give her the presidency
carlyle stores the program in his brain
to take to elysium and encrypts it with
a program that would kill him in case of
any attempt to manipulate or extract the
data
spider agrees to get max to elysium if
he can steal information from carlisle
spider's men surgically attach a powered
exoskeleton to max
with julio and spider's men max shoots
down carlyle's ship
in the fire fight with carlisle's
security droids carlisle dies
max downloads the program to his suits
neural implant but the encryption
makes it unusable alerted to the data
theft
delacorte reinstates kruger and deploys
him to recover the program
in a shootout julio is killed and max is
wounded
he contacts his friend frey a nurse
frey begs max to take her daughter
matilda to elysium to be cured of
leukemia
but max refuses in order to protect them
krueger alongside mercenaries drake and
crowe
arrive and interrogate frey when krueger
realizes that matilda is sick
they take frey and matilda aboard his
ship while his drones hunt for max
delacorte orders an airspace lockdown
over los angeles
max delivers the program to spider who
discovers that it can be used to make
earth's residents elysian citizens
the lockdown makes it impossible to
leave earth so max bargains with kruger
to be taken to elysium
unaware that kruger is holding frey and
matilda hostage
as kroger's ship leaves earth spider and
his men take advantage of the lifting of
the lockdown and board a ship towards
elysium
meanwhile in kruger's ship a fight
erupts and kruger is wounded by a
grenade
which disables the ship's engines after
the ship crashes on elysium
max is knocked out by drake while fray
escapes with matilda to a mansion
and discovers that med bays only work
for elysian citizens
crow arrives and subdues frey with a
taser
max frey and matilda are taken to
delacorte
who orders the decryption of the program
despite the fact that it will kill max
she then orders frey and matilda to be
taken away by crowe
who locks them in a room after being
restored in a med bay
kruger kills delacorte drake and crowe
assassinate elysian political officers
in order to seize control
having escaped his confinement max
knowing that medbay's only work for
elysian citizens
resolves to use the program and give
everyone on earth illusion citizenship
after being ordered by kruger to kill
frey and matilda
crowe prepares to rape frey first but
max kills him and drake and frees frey
and matilda
max meets up with spider who has frey
and matilda escorted to a med bay
they head for elysium's computer core
but are ambushed by kruger
max rips out kruger's neural implant
rendering his suit immobile
krueger tethers himself to max's suit
and arms a grenade to kill them both
max rips off the tether and hurls
krueger over a ledge
killing him spider and max reach
elysium's core
where spider realizes that the program's
activation will kill max max activates
the program
as max dies elysium's core reboots and
registers every earth resident as an
illusion citizen
president patel arrives but the robots
refuse to arrest spyder
whom they now recognize as a citizen
matilda is cured by a medbay and
elysium's computer dispatches a fleet of
medical ships to treat the people of
[Music]
earth
you